Expand Simulation landing page explanations (#2975)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/simulation-2.rst

.. image:: ../images/simulation-landingpage.jpg

> Simulation allows for safe testing of experimental code and settings, and crashing virtual vehicles is a lot cheaper than crashing real ones!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simulation allows for safe testing of experimental code and settings - crashing virtual vehicles is a lot cheaper than crashing real ones!
```

Author: changed to two statemens

Overview
========

> Simulation is implemented by using a Flight Dynamics Model (FDM) of the vehicle to simulate the physics involved with vehicle movement, which receives inputs from a SITL (Software in the Loop) program running the ArduPilot firmware (which are the firmware's servo/motor outputs) and outputs vehicle status,position, velocities,etc. that result from those inputs back to the firmware sim just like sensors would in the real world.

Reviewer: This is a bit of a run-on sentence.  Probably pay to break it up.

Author: broken up

> Simulation is implemented by using a Flight Dynamics Model (FDM) of the vehicle to simulate the physics involved with vehicle movement. It receives inputs from a SITL (Software in the Loop) program running the ArduPilot firmware (which are the firmware's servo/motor outputs) and outputs vehicle status,position, velocities,etc. that result from those inputs back to the firmware simulation. Just as sensors would in the real world case.

Reviewer 2: Missing a space before "etc."

Author: fixxed

> Pilot control is implemented either by joystick/sim controller box or by MAVLink commands from an attached and monitoring Ground Control Station program (GCS), like MAVProxy or Mission Planner.

Reviewer: What's a "sim controller box"?

Author: Like the Interlink controller

Author: clarified

> Pilot control is implemented either by joystick/sim controller box or by MAVLink commands from an attached and monitoring Ground Control Station program (GCS), like MAVProxy or Mission Planner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pilot control is implemented either by joystick/sim controller box or by MAVLink commands from a Ground Control Station program (GCS), like MAVProxy or Mission Planner.
```

Author: done

This is illustrated below:

.. image:: ../images/SITL.png

> ArduPilot provides a native firmware simulator + FDM program (sim_vehicle.py) + graphical visualizer, simply referred to as ``SITL``, which is usually used with its developer GCS, Mavproxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArduPilot provides a native firmware simulator + FDM program (sim_vehicle.py) + graphical visualizer, often simply referred to as ``SITL``, which is usually used with its developer GCS, Mavproxy.
```

Sometimes the MissionPlanner use of SITL is just referred to as "SITL" too :+1:

Author: reworded and expanded

> ArduPilot provides a native firmware simulator + FDM program (sim_vehicle.py) + graphical visualizer, simply referred to as ``SITL``, which is usually used with its developer GCS, Mavproxy.

Reviewer 3: + FDM program (sim_vehicle.py) : Nope ! sim_vehicle.py is just a launcher, the FDM is SITL default backend

Author: fixed

> ArduPilot provides a native firmware simulator + FDM program + graphical visualizer (all launched by sim_vehicle.py), often simply referred to as ``SITL``, which is usually used with its developer GCS, Mavproxy. ArduPilot's firmware simulator and FDM can also be used by Mission Planner for SITL simulations.

Reviewer 2: Capitalization on MAVProxy. I'm not sure what native "graphical visualizer" is referring to. Flight Gear? MAVProxy GUI modules?

Author: yeah, the gui is really part of MAVProxy...clarified
